doc: update doc for casm = true in scarb.toml (#2619)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/scarb-toml.md

## `Scarb.toml` Contents

### `[tool.snforge]`

```toml
[tool.snforge]
# ...
```

> 

Reviewer: Why did you added `enter` in all of this places? 🤔

#### `casm`

> Enabling `casm = true` in Scarb.toml causes unnecessary overhead. Tools like `snforge` and `sncast` recompile Sierra to CASM separately, resulting in redundant processing. This duplicates CASM generation, significantly impacting performance, especially for large Sierra programs. It increases build size by several megabytes and slows down compilation. To avoid this, leave `casm = false`(the default) and let tools handle CASM generation only when needed. The Sequencer performs CASM compilation for execution, making local generation redundant unless required for offline verification or specific development workflows. See more about [CASM contract class generation](https://docs.swmansion.com/scarb/docs/extensions/starknet/contract-target.html#casm-contract-class-generation) in Scarb documentation.

Author: resolved. Thanks

```

#### `sierra`

See more about [Sierra contract class generation](https://docs.swmansion.com/scarb/docs/extensions/starknet/contract-target.html#sierra-contract-class-generation) in Scarb documentation.

```toml
[[target.starknet-contract]]
sierra = true
```

#### `casm`

> Enabling [`casm = true`](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/releases/tag/v0.23.0) in Scarb.toml causes unnecessary overhead and should be disabled unless required by other tools. Starknet Foundry compiles Sierra to CASM separately, resulting in redundant processing. This duplicates CASM generation, significantly impacting performance, especially for large Sierra programs.

Reviewer 2: @NueloSE changes mentioned in https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/2619#discussion_r1819023130 are still not applied. Please remove the link.

> Enabling [`casm = true`](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/releases/tag/v0.23.0) in Scarb.toml causes unnecessary overhead and should be disabled unless required by other tools. Tools like `snforge` and `sncast` recompile Sierra to CASM separately, resulting in redundant processing. This duplicates CASM generation, significantly impacting performance, especially for large Sierra programs.

Reviewer 3: I don't think we need this link

```suggestion
Enabling `casm = true` in Scarb.toml causes unnecessary overhead and should be disabled unless required by other tools. Tools like `snforge` and `sncast` recompile Sierra to CASM separately, resulting in redundant processing. This duplicates CASM generation, significantly impacting performance, especially for large Sierra programs.
```

> Enabling [`casm = true`](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/releases/tag/v0.23.0) in Scarb.toml causes unnecessary overhead and should be disabled unless required by other tools. Tools like `snforge` and `sncast` recompile Sierra to CASM separately, resulting in redundant processing. This duplicates CASM generation, significantly impacting performance, especially for large Sierra programs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Enabling [`casm = true`](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/releases/tag/v0.23.0) in Scarb.toml causes unnecessary overhead and should be disabled unless required by other tools. Starknet Foundry compiles Sierra to CASM separately, resulting in redundant processing. This duplicates CASM generation, significantly impacting performance, especially for large Sierra programs.
```

Author: Hello @cptartur  and @ksew1,

Thank you both for your feedback. @cptartur, I have committed your suggestion. I noticed that your final suggestion still includes a link to v0.23.0. Could you confirm if it’s fine to keep this link, or would you prefer I remove it?
